How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

using the diff utility help me to compared two versions of a file one old and one new. as the two files were
more than one thousand lines of code in each one of them it becomes pretty tedious to look manually, however, 
diff command automatically finds the changes including added and removed lines of codes, hence easier to scan
them and find the bugs.  

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer 
in the long term?

by looking at the history of a file it makes a lot more efficient the task of improving the code as we constantly
take desicions and due to our imperfect nature we are prone to make mistakes so having the capability to go 
back and fix the errors it would be the perfect scenario for a flawless world.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, 
vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

the pros 
-saving manually gives more control on the managament of files for instance the desicion making to commit a file lies
in the coder's hands 
-with expertise a coder has a more correct judgement when to commit a file

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like
Google Docs, treat each file separately?

i think that saving files in one commit makes more sence rather than commit each file separetly since it is easily to see 
what file were not changed and look at the file that were changed

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

i can use the git log to view the files ids and its details and then use the command git diff to view the changes made
during commits

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

using version control allows us to feel safe from the making changes as we can go back to different versions and undo any mistake

How Do You Want to Use Git?

i want to used git for all my project from small to large in case in the future any small project require more functions or require 
to be scalable





